Language and readme update (#612)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer: README.md

## Motivations

> The current Nix install scripts do a good job, however they are difficult to maintain.

Author: ```suggestion
The upstream scripts do a good job, however they are difficult to maintain.
```

> Subtle differences in the shell implementations and certain characteristics of bash scripts make it difficult to make meaningful changes to the installer.

Reviewer: Bash

Author: ```suggestion
Subtle differences in the shell implementations and certain characteristics of Bash scripts make it difficult to make meaningful changes to the installer.
```
